- A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO,
WE INTRODUCED YOU
TO SARAH HOIDAHL.
SHE'S AN AMAZING WAITRESS
FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE.
TAKE A LOOK.
- I ALWAYS END EACH SHOW
BY SAYING
"BE KIND TO ONE ANOTHER,"
AND OUR FIRST GUEST IS
A WAITRESS
FROM HENNIKER, NEW HAMPSHIRE,
WHO DID JUST THAT.
I THINK WE HAVE A COPY
OF THE NOTE,
BUT IT SAYS, "THANKS TO
THE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN,
"PEOPLE LIKE YOU
THAT PROTECT THIS COUNTRY
"ARE NOT GETTING PAID.
"HOWEVER, I STILL AM.
"LUNCH IS ON ME.
"THANK YOU FOR SERVING, LADIES.
HAVE A GOOD DAY."
THAT'S WHAT YOU LEFT.
[cheers and applause]
HOW MUCH?
- THE BILL WAS $27.75.
- $27.
ONE.
TWO, THREE, FOUR,
FIVE, SIX, SEVEN.
WELL, THERE'S 27.
$27.75?
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
A CHECK RIGHT NOW.
[cheers and applause]
YOU'RE AMAZING.
I LOVE HER.
I JUST LOVE WHAT SHE DID.
I LOVED HER.
SARAH'S STORY WAS PICKED UP
BY HUNDREDS OF NEWS OUTLETS
ALL AROUND THE WORLD.
SARAH IS AT WORK RIGHT NOW,
WHERE SHE WORKS AT RUBY TUESDAYS
IN CONCORD, NEW HAMPSHIRE.
SHE THINKS SHE'S TALKING TO
A REPORTER FROM THE LOCAL NEWS,
BUT WHAT SHE DOESN'T KNOW,
THOSE ARE OUR CAMERAS.
THAT'S ONE OF OUR PRODUCERS.
AND WHEN I SAY, GO,
HER BOSS IS GONNA WALK IN
WITH A PHONE
AND SAY SHE'S GOT A PHONE CALL.
I'LL BE ON THE OTHER END.
ALL RIGHT?
[applause]
ALL RIGHT, GO.
- WELL, THAT'S GREAT.
- SARAH, I'M SORRY,
YOU HAVE A PHONE CALL.
- HELLO?
- HEY, SARAH.
- YEAH?
- IT'S ELLEN.
I'M JUST CHECKING IN.
WHAT YOU DOING?
- HI.
HI.
OH, MY GOD, IS THIS REALLY YOU?
- YEAH.
- OH, MY GOD,
THERE YOU ARE.
- HI.
HI.
WHAT--WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I WAS JUST SITTING TALKING TO
SOME--SOME VERY NICE MAN HERE.
- YEAH, THAT'S--THAT'S A VERY
NICE MAN WHO WORKS FOR US.
THOSE ARE OUR CAMERAS.
THAT'S DEREK.
HE'S NOT A--
HE'S NOT--
HE'S NO REPORTER.
- [laughs]
- WE HAD A NICE CONVERSATION,
VERY GOOD.
- OH, MY GOD,
I'M GONNA START CRYING AGAIN.
- HI, DEREK.
- HI, EL.
HOW ARE YOU?
- I'M GOOD.
IT'S A LITTLE WARM IN HERE
IF YOU COULD TAKE CARE OF THAT.
HEY, WE'RE TAPING THE SHOW
RIGHT NOW,
AND YOU'RE ON IT.
AND I WANTED TO SEE
HOW YOU'VE BEEN
SINCE WE SAW YOU LAST.
WHAT'S--THERE'S A LOT GOING ON,
RIGHT?
- YEAH, IT'S BEEN CRAZY,
BUT, I MEAN,
IT'S BEEN SO MUCH FUN.
OH, MY GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M TALKING TO YOU.
- YEAH.
SO YOU GOT MESSAGES FROM
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
WHO HAVE YOU HEARD FROM?
- OH, MY GOSH, I'VE HEARD
FROM PEOPLE IN THE U.K.,
GERMANY, IRELAND, SWITZERLAND,
AFRICA, LIKE, EVERYWHERE.
IT'S BEEN SO INSANE.
THAT'S AMAZING.
I MEAN, ALL THAT BECAUSE
YOU DECIDED TO TAKE CARE
OF SOMEBODY'S BILL AT LUNCH
'CAUSE YOU KNEW
THEY COULDN'T AFFORD IT,
AND LOOK WHAT A GOOD DEED DOES.
THAT'S AMAZING.
SO, RUBY TUESDAYS,
THEY'VE BEEN GREAT THROUGH THIS,
RIGHT?
- OH, MY GOD, THEY'VE BEEN
ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC.
THEY--THEY LET ME TAKE
THE TIME OFF FROM WORK,
AND THEY GAVE ME
A VERY GENEROUS BONUS, AND--
- GOOD FOR THEM.
[cheers and applause]
- THE VICE PRESIDENT HIMSELF
CAME IN.
- WELL, GOOD FOR THEM.
THAT'S AMAZING.
SO WE GAVE YOU A $10,000 TIP,
AND I HEARD A LOT OF THAT
IS GONNA GO TOWARDS--
OR SOME OF IT IS GONNA GO
TO A CAR
THAT YOU AND YOUR MOM SHARE,
RIGHT?
- YEAH, YEAH, WE DO.
- HOW'S THAT CAR DOING?
- UM...
[laughs]
I MEAN, IT'S--IT'S GOT
FOUR WHEELS,
AND IT GETS US
FROM POINT A TO POINT B
SO WE'RE DOING GOOD.
- BECAUSE SHE DROPS
YOUR SON OFF,
OR YOU DROP YOUR SON OFF.
WHO--SOMEBODY USES IT,
AND YOU SHARE THE CAR.
- SHE DROPS MY SON OFF
AT DAY CARE
AND THEN GOES TO WORK,
AND USUALLY I HAVE--
I HAVE GREAT,
WONDERFUL FRIENDS
THAT WILL PICK ME UP
AND BRING ME TO WORK.
EVEN ON THEIR
DAYS OFF SOMETIMES.
- THAT'S AMAZING.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD
TO HAVE THE HELP.
I'M SORRY, I'VE JUST GOT
MY PURSE OUT,
BECAUSE I FORGOT,
WHEN YOU WERE HERE LAST TIME,
I NEEDED TO GIVE YOU SOMETHING
THAT I, UM...
- [laughs]
- OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I DON'T HAVE IT.
JEANNIE, WILL YOU
GIVE IT TO HER?
I FORGOT,
I GAVE IT TO JEANNIE.
- OH, YEAH, SURE.
HERE WE GO.
OH, HI.
THIS IS FROM ELLEN.
- THOSE ARE KEYS
TO YOUR BRAND-NEW CAR.
IT'S A 2014 HYUNDAI
SANTA FE SPORT.
- RIGHT THERE.
RIGHT THERE.
- LOOK AT THAT.
- OH, MY.
- SO, JUST SO YOU KNOW, SARAH,
AND I KNOW YOU WERE
WONDERING ABOUT THIS,
THE 2014 SANTA FE SPORT,
IT'S A FAMILY-FRIENDLY
CROSSOVER.
IT'S BLUE LINK SYSTEM PROVIDES
CONCIERGE SERVICES
FROM YOUR CAR,
AND THAT'S YOUR BRAND-NEW CAR,
SARAH.
- OH, MY GOD.
- WE'LL BE BACK WITH ROB LOWE.
- THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.